com/felipecsl/gifimageview/library/GifDecoder.java
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifDecoder
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifDecoder$BitmapProvider
io/rong/sticker/StickerExtensionModule.java
 io.rong.sticker.StickerExtensionModule
 io.rong.sticker.StickerExtensionModule$1
 io.rong.sticker.StickerExtensionModule$SettingClickListener
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackagesUiHandler.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackagesUiHandler
io/rong/sticker/util/SHA1Util.java
 io.rong.sticker.util.SHA1Util
io/rong/sticker/widget/StickerGridItemView.java
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerGridItemView
io/rong/sticker/model/StickerPackageDownloadUrlInfo.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.StickerPackageDownloadUrlInfo
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerSendMessageTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerSendMessageTask
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageStorageTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageStorageTask
io/rong/sticker/db/StickerPackageTable.java
 io.rong.sticker.db.StickerPackageTable
io/rong/sticker/message/StickerMessageItemProvider.java
 io.rong.sticker.message.StickerMessageItemProvider
 io.rong.sticker.message.StickerMessageItemProvider$1
com/felipecsl/gifimageview/library/GifHeaderParser.java
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifHeaderParser
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageDbTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageDbTask
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageIconDownloadTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageIconDownloadTask
io/rong/sticker/widget/StickerPopupWindow.java
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerPopupWindow
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerPopupWindow$1
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerPopupWindow$2
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerPopupWindow$Background
io/rong/sticker/emoticontab/RecommendTab.java
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$1
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter$1
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter$1$1
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter$1$1$1
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter$1$1$2
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter$1$2
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendPackageAdapter$1$2$1
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.RecommendTab$RecommendViewHolder
io/rong/sticker/mysticker/MyStickerActivity.java
 io.rong.sticker.mysticker.MyStickerActivity
 io.rong.sticker.mysticker.MyStickerActivity$1
io/rong/sticker/model/StickerPackageInfo.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.StickerPackageInfo
io/rong/sticker/model/FullResponse.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.FullResponse
io/rong/sticker/model/Sticker.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.Sticker
io/rong/sticker/util/ZipUtil.java
 io.rong.sticker.util.ZipUtil
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageDeleteTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageDeleteTask
com/felipecsl/gifimageview/library/GifHeader.java
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifHeader
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageApiTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageApiTask
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageApiTask$Worker
com/felipecsl/gifimageview/library/GifFrame.java
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifFrame
io/rong/sticker/widget/DownloadProgressView.java
 io.rong.sticker.widget.DownloadProgressView
 io.rong.sticker.widget.DownloadProgressView$Status
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageSortTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageSortTask
io/rong/sticker/model/BaseResponse.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.BaseResponse
com/felipecsl/gifimageview/library/GifImageView.java
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifImageView
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifImageView$1
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifImageView$2
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifImageView$OnAnimationStart
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifImageView$OnAnimationStop
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.GifImageView$OnFrameAvailable
io/rong/sticker/widget/StickerGridView.java
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerGridView
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerGridView$1
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerGridView$GestureTap
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/GifImageLoader.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader$1
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader$Callback
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader$SimpleCallback
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader$SimpleCallback$1
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader$SimpleCallback$2
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.GifImageLoader$Worker
io/rong/sticker/mysticker/MyStickerListAdapter.java
 io.rong.sticker.mysticker.MyStickerListAdapter
 io.rong.sticker.mysticker.MyStickerListAdapter$OnNoStickerListener
 io.rong.sticker.mysticker.MyStickerListAdapter$ViewHolder
 io.rong.sticker.mysticker.MyStickerListAdapter$ViewHolder$1
io/rong/sticker/util/HttpUtil.java
 io.rong.sticker.util.HttpUtil
 io.rong.sticker.util.HttpUtil$Callback
 io.rong.sticker.util.HttpUtil$ResultType
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackageDownloadTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageDownloadTask
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageDownloadTask$1
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageDownloadTask$1$1
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackageDownloadTask$ZipListener
io/rong/sticker/model/StickerPackagesConfigInfo.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.StickerPackagesConfigInfo
io/rong/sticker/model/Event.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.Event
 io.rong.sticker.model.Event$AddPackageEvent
 io.rong.sticker.model.Event$RemovePackageEvent
io/rong/sticker/widget/StickerMessageItemView.java
 io.rong.sticker.widget.StickerMessageItemView
io/rong/sticker/util/FileUtil.java
 io.rong.sticker.util.FileUtil
io/rong/sticker/db/StickerTable.java
 io.rong.sticker.db.StickerTable
io/rong/sticker/widget/IndicatorView.java
 io.rong.sticker.widget.IndicatorView
io/rong/sticker/emoticontab/StickersTab.java
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.StickersTab
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.StickersTab$1
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.StickersTab$GridViewAdapter
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.StickersTab$StickerPagerAdapter
 io.rong.sticker.emoticontab.StickersTab$StickerPagerViewHolder
io/rong/sticker/db/PreloadStickerPackageDeleteTable.java
 io.rong.sticker.db.PreloadStickerPackageDeleteTable
io/rong/sticker/model/StickerPackage.java
 io.rong.sticker.model.StickerPackage
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerPackagesConfigTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackagesConfigTask
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackagesConfigTask$1
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerPackagesConfigTask$2
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/StickerDownloadTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.StickerDownloadTask
io/rong/sticker/businesslogic/PreloadPackageDownloadTask.java
 io.rong.sticker.businesslogic.PreloadPackageDownloadTask
io/rong/sticker/util/DownloadUtil.java
 io.rong.sticker.util.DownloadUtil
 io.rong.sticker.util.DownloadUtil$DownloadListener
io/rong/sticker/BuildConfig.java
 io.rong.sticker.BuildConfig
io/rong/sticker/message/StickerMessage.java
 io.rong.sticker.message.StickerMessage
 io.rong.sticker.message.StickerMessage$1
com/felipecsl/gifimageview/library/SimpleBitmapProvider.java
 com.felipecsl.gifimageview.library.SimpleBitmapProvider
io/rong/sticker/db/StickerDbHelper.java
 io.rong.sticker.db.StickerDbHelper
